Applicable Standards:
ENVIRONMENTAL
UEC-5005 PH METER (DIGITAL)
This instrument is used for measuring the pH value of the Pulp and other Aqueous Solutions at the Lab Standard Conditions. The portable unit is easy to operate which measures the "Specific Electrical Conductance" of the solution in terms of pH with the help of an Electrode and displays the Test Result, directly on the Digital Panel. The Buffer Tablets of different pH range are provided to standardize and cross check the values, prior to conduct the tests. Measuring Range: 0-14 pH, Readout 32 digits
Dimensions:
Weight:
UEC-5006 ASH INCINERATOR
This instrument is used for determining the ash content in Paper, Cardboard and other Cellulosic Material by burning an exactly weighed quantity, and by obtaining the weight percentage of the Ash remains. The complete unit consists of Insulated Porcelain Ignition Tube mounted on a sturdy stand and a Digital Temperature Indicator cum Controller along with Temperature sensing unit, "Thermocouple" is provided as an extra accessory.
Applicable Standards:
Applicable Standards:
Dimensions: 58.42 x 17.78 x 38.10 cm. Weight:
UEC-5007 MOISTURE METER (DIGITAL - IMPORTED) The Unit is an Electrical Resistance Type Moisture Meter, utilizing the relationship between moisture content and electrical resistance. The contact pins mounted on the top of the meter are used for making direct contact with the material. It also has facilities for alarm alerts & Built in Calibration check. Various external electrodes are also available for specific applications. It is very useful towards testing of Moisture Contents in the Paper, Board, Corrugated Stock and Paper Tubes. The Unit is operated through a 9V Battery and works on Three Measuring Ranges i.e. 4.3-18 % for Paper, 5-40% for Baled Scrap Paper & 0-100% Arbitrary. It is provided with the Pin Type Measuring Sensor to test moisture in the range of 4% to 18 % for Finished Paper.
OPTIONAL MEASURING SENSORS ON DEMAND:
1. Probe Type with Handle for measuring Moistures in Bales. 2. Double Roller Type for measuring Moistures on a Moving Web or Pop Reel. 3. Blade Type for measuring of paper on skids. Blades are 5"long. Customized Size are provided.
4. Clamp Type for testing Thin Sheet Stock. The sample tested is compressed between two smooth discs.
5. Leaf Type for measuring moisture content on a Moving Web or Roll. 6. Curved Type for measuring moisture on curved surface, especially of small diameter, such as Core Tubes.
Dimensions:
Weight:
LLS
66