LAB BAR COATER
SURFACE COATING
& PRINTABILITY
UEC-4002 BAR COATER OR K COATER
The UEC "Bar Coater" is especially designed for the "Traditional Coating Method" whereby the coating is applied on the substrate by a "Wire Wound" or "Mayer' Bar, under accurately controlled conditions with variable coating speed between 2 and 15 mm/min, which provides uniform coating.
The "Wire Wound Bar" consists of a steel bar with a wire around it, whereas the diameter of the wire
determines the thickness of the coating layer. The choice of wire diameter depends on the "Viscosity of the Coating Material", the "Desired Coat Weight or Thickness" and the "Coating Speed". The applicable surface coating materials are the Paints, Varnishes, Adhesives, Liquid Printing Inks, Starch etc. The motorized unit, mounted with an Offset Blanket of Standard Coating Area (27 cm x 15 cm), is provided along with "Seven Nos. of Coating Rods", which provide different coating thickness.
Applicable Standards:
Applicable Standards: TAPPI T 459 om-93
Dimensions:
UEC-4004 PAPER TESTING WAXES
Weight:
The Paper Testing Waxes are used for the evaluation of surface strength or its resistance to picking on uncoated and coated paper & paperboard. It is not applicable to loosely felted papers such as blotters or roofing felts nor to some coated papers containing thermoplastic resins in the coating adhesive.
The wax set consists of a series of hard resin, non-oily waxes with graded degrees of adhesion. Each of the waxes in the series has a cross section of 18 x 18 mm and is identified by code.
These are designed for use by paper and coated paper manufacturers, printers, lithographers, and other concerned with the development, inspection and control of paper for coating and printing purposes. Complete Wax series is available with the following numerical designation. 2A, 3A, 4A, 5A, 6A, 7A, 8A, 9A, 10A, 11A, 12A, 13A, 14A, 16A, 18A,2 0A, 23A.
Each Box contains 8 wax sticks of a particular numerical value from the above series.
On Demand: Standard Paper Testing Wax Kit: It comprises one stick of each wax 2A through 23A i.e. 17 wax sticks total in kit with an alcohol lamp & wick and a wooden pull block. Loose Wax Sticks of any Numerical value are also provided.
Dimensions:
Weight:
61